[Discover][doc] Add view single document (#92472)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/view-document.asciidoc

[[discover-view-document]]
== View a document

> Once you've found a document of interest in Discover there are 2 more ways to view it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've found a document of interest in *Discover*, you have two more ways to view it: as a single document and in context with surrounding documents.
```

[float]
[[discover-view-single-document]]

> === View single document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== View a single document
```

. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).

> . Click **View single document**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click **View single document**.
```

+

> This allows you to view the document in two ways. **Table** displays the document's fields row by row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the document in two ways. The **Table** view displays the document fields row-by-row.
```

> **JSON** (JavaScript Object Notation) allows you to take a look at how the document is returned from Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **JSON** (JavaScript Object Notation) view allows you to look at how {es} returns the document.
```

+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/discover-view-single-document.png[Discover single document view]

> The link is valid for the time the document is available in Elasticsearch. If you need another way to view single

Reviewer: "If you need another way to view a single...."

Could this be?

"If you need to view a single document for a longer time, extend **Table** and ...."

Author: This would change the meaning of this, because it by adding another view, the doc wouldn't be available for a longer time. what I'm trying to say is, that a user could implement additional ways to view to doc.

documents, you can extend **Table** and **JSON** by creating <<external-plugin-development, your own plugin>>.

[float]
[[discover-view-surrounding-documents]]
=== View surrounding documents

To view the surrounding documents, your index pattern must contain time-based events.

. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).

> . Click **View surrounding documents**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click **View surrounding documents**.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

Now you can inspect the documents that occurred immediately before and after the event.

> Documents are sorted by the time field specified in the index pattern

Reviewer: Is the paragraph "Documents are sorted by.." necessary?  It seems to slow down the flow.

Author: True, removed it, thx

and displayed using the same set of columns as the *Discover* view from which
the context was opened. The anchor document is highlighted in blue.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/discover-context.png[Image showing context view feature, with anchor documents highlighted in blue]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

Documents are sorted by the time field specified in the index pattern
and displayed using the same set of columns as the *Discover* view from which
the context was opened. The anchor document is highlighted in blue.
+

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/discover-context.png[Image showing context view feature, with anchor documents highlighted in blue]
+

The filters you applied in *Discover* are carried over to the context view. Pinned 
filters remain active, while normal filters are copied in a disabled state.

> +

Reviewer: Also, add a "+" in the line above "To find the documents" so that the numbering of the steps is correct.
